In the quiet city of Pintonville a dark evil approaches.

0 -- Characters and Locations
    The Mayor
        Fancy, Seemingly Crazy, Scatterbrained, Hates Bubbles with an odd passion

    The Blacksmith
        Pirate or western cowboy - possibly both, Mr. Krabs-level cheap, loves money and steel
        Wears cowboy hat, eye patch. Owns a parrot and a horse.

    The Wizard
        Mysterious, communicates via telepathy, controls the main forcefield protecting the town.

    King Bubble, aka "K. Bubbs"
        ???

    Bubbles of Doom
        Seemingly peaceful bubbles, later find out their malicious intent

    The Town
        A peaceful village plagued by a mysterious past that attracts the bubbles of doom

    The Armory
        Where the blacksmith lives. Yes he lives here.
        Visit to use gold to buy weapon upgrades.

    The Tower
        Where the wizard lives.
        Visit to use exp to buy perks and power up the force field

    The Forcefield
        Can be upgraded to withstand more bubbles.
        If Forcefield is depleted, the bubbles will enter the city, aka doom.

    The Mayor's Office
        Where the Mayor lives
        Go here to accept quests

    BubbleLand
        The home of the bubbles of doom
        Visit BubbleLand in phase 6 to meet K. Bubbs


1 -- Introduction
    Mayor: "Thank the heavens you've arrived!"
            "Without you, our peaceful city would be ruined!"
            "Take this. It will aid you in your quest."
            * Receive Pin Shooter *

    Mayor: "Now come! We have a lot of work to do!"

    * Play round 1 - all normal bubbles *
        Mayor: "Look at those hideous monstrosities! They make me sick."
                "SHOOT THEM! KILL THEM ALL!"
                * Show instructions based on device *

    Mayor: "Wasn't that awful?? They get soap everywhere and they make everything sopping wet! How are we supposed to live under these conditions!?"
            "Oh, that's right - that's what you're here for. As promised, here is money. Now don't spend it all in one place, y'hear!"
            * Receive 1 gold *
            "Why don't you head on down to the blacksmith? You might be able to pick yourself up a taco or something"

    * Instructions on how to navigate the UI *

    Blacksmith: "Well howdy pardner! The mayor told me you were-a comin'! He's an... interesting fellow, isn't he?"
                "Well don't be shy, what would you like to look at?"
                * Display shop window *
                "Wait - how much money do you have?"
                "..."
                "Get out."

    Mayor: "*muttering to himself*"
            "Oh! I didn't see you there. Come, quickly! The demons have returned!"

    * Round 2 - normal, increasing amount *
    Mayor: "Are they starting to increase in numbers, or am I crazy?"
    Wizard via telepathy: "You're crazy."
    Mayor: "WHAT??! Who said that?! Not again!" - Runs off
    Wizard via telepathy: "Hello, traveler. My name is The Wizard. I will help you become incredibly strong."
            "For every bubble you pop, I shall grant you knowledge points."
            "These knowledge points can be used to gain abilities you can use to wreak havoc upon your foes."
            "Come see me in my tower when you are ready."
            * on tower enter, display UI help *

    Mayor runs in: "I almost forgot! Here is your pay, good sir. Cheerio."
            * Gain enough coins for blacksmith purchase *

    * rounds 3 - 5 increasing amounts of normal bubbles *

    * Play round 5 - wooden bubbles appear *
        Mayor: "What's this? They are wearing armor?! Blasphemy!"

    -- Misc. One-Liners (can be used when needed)
        -- Quest finishers
            Mayor: "Your gear is so last season. Take this money and go buy yourself something decent."
                * Gain coins *

            Mayor: "YAYAYAYAY DEATH!"

            Mayor: "See? Killing is not so bad."

            Mayor: "Money money money money money money."

        -- Armory entry
            Blacksmith: "Ahoy! Welcome, money!"

            Blacksmith: "Howdy pardner. What can I do ya for?"

            Blacksmith: "Yarr, matey. Buy some gear while the iron is hot!"

        -- Tower entry
            Wizard: "Greetings, traveller. Welcome to my tower."

2 -- Bubble Brains Become Apparent
    Mayor: "Are those... Brains??"
    Wizard: "Traveller, collect as many brains as possible so we can learn more about these bubbles"

3 -- Bubbles' intelligence becomes apparent
    * Town Meeting - Blacksmith, Wizard, and Mayor are gathered *
    Wizard: "We believe the bubbles have adapted to wearing armor to protect their brains"

4 -- Ethical Questions, bubbles appear harmless and nice

5 -- Mayor/town is seemingly evil

6 -- Meet Bubble King in BubbleLand

7 -- Discover Bubbles' true intentions

8 -- Discover the town's history - why is this town the target of the bubbles? why is the mayor crazy? why is the blacksmith a pirate thing? and who is the wizard??

9 -- Mayor/town reputation restored, bubbles are evil again

10 -- Destroying BubbleLand and K. Bubbs
