We should be to create ~2-5 different quests out of these topics.

Thief Quest:
    Thief bubble has increased speed
    When thief bubble goes to town it will come back with treasure
        gotta kill the bubble either before it goes to town or before it returns the treasure to bubble land.
        var treasureTaken = amount of treasure taken to bubble land

    details:
        Kill 10 thief bubbles
        Keep taken treasure under 500

Warrior Quest:
    Warrior bubbles reflect bullets unless shot in the back.
    details:
        Kill 10 warrior bubbles

Guarded Quest:
    Noble bubbles can have warrior bubbles as guards.
        When assigned the warrior bubbles will surround the noble equally and move with it.

    details:
        Kill 2 noble bubbles.
        Kill 1 noble bubble before killing one of it's guards.

Boss Quest:
    Fight a unique boss.

    details:
        Kill da boss
        Maybe some other stuff: pop 10 bubs, x4 multi, etc.

Bubble Catch:
    Shoot a sticky net which catches bubbles.
        Only have like 2 shots or something then you can use your weapons.
        Still have to defend from bubbles that don't make it on the net.
        Be sure to not shoot bubbles on the net.

        Maybe make it so shooting the net makes it bigger or something.
            This encourages continually shooting and strategy so you don't hit bubbles.

    details:
        Catch 10 bubbles
        Catch 3 warrior bubbles
        Catch 1 thief bubble
        etc

Bubble Manhattan Project (side quest only probably):
    You got 1 shot with a nuke.
        Try to get the most bubbles in one spot before you launch it.

    details:
        Destroy 100 bubbles with the nuke.

Combo Quest:
    Get a really high combo.
    details:
        Achieve a multiplier of 10.
        or
        Achieve a combo of 1000.

Espionage:
    Send in a 'spy' bubble into the bubble homeland. It'll first be sent to retrieve data then it must return back to town. This has to happend for x amount of times.
    Be sure not to kill the 'spy' bubble.

    details:
        Allow the spy bubble to retrieve 3 sets of information.

Additional enemy types:
    These can be added into quests for more variety:
        Bubble spawner:
            A bubble which spawns more bubbles.

        Bubble glutton:
            Eats bullets but element applies to it. Only way to kill it is through elements.

        Bubble archer:
            Shoots arrows (or something more creative) into town.

Bubble configurations:
    Bubble wall:
        A horizontal line of bubbles.

    Sine bubbles:
        Bubbles that move in a sine wave pattern.
        Also can have a vertical line of bubbles doing this.
