// Wizard

Elemental -
    Elements have a base ability and 4 unlockable abilities.
    Only 1 element can be active at any time

    Fire - each upgrade increases damage
        Initial Ability: Damage over time
        Strategy: Massive AoE spread + Draining Playstyle

        Viral Fire - 9 | 9
            - Bubbles have a chance to light each other on fire
            Each upgrade increases chance to ignite.

        Embers - 8 | 8
            Each bubble on fire has a chance to shoot a small fireball which ignites bubbles and deals small damage.
            Each upgrade:
                Increases the amount of bubbles it can affect before destroying by 1
                Increases damage of ember by small percentage
                Increases range of the fire ball allowing it to reach bubbles farther away

        Stoking the Fire - 7 | 7
            Each upgrade increases:
                Fire DOT damage
                Duration of fire

        Fire Burst - 2 | 5
            When a bubble catches on fire there will be a small chance to active the fire burst event:
                When activated a prompt will tell you to quickly double click
                If successful then a giant burst of fire will occur near the bubble that caught fire
                this burst will cause significant damage and light all bubbles on fire

                Each upgrade increases the chance of this event.

        Fire Dragon - 8 | 5
            If X bullets collide with bubble in Y seconds, there is a Z percent chance that
                A dragon-shaped flame ball will burst from the bubble instantly killing the bubble
                and will fly straight up, out of igniting and dealing large amounts of damage to any bubble in its path

                Each upgrade
                    decreases X
                    increases Y
                    increases Z
                    increases amount of damage done by dragon

    Lightning - each upgrade increases chain amount
        Initial ability: Strong shock damage
        Strategy: Pin speed bonuses + AoE Shockwaves + Chaining for High Combos

        Chain Lightning - 9 | 9
            When a bubble is attacked with an element it will send a stream of lightning to the nearest bubble dealing strong damage.
            Each upgrade allows for multiple streams a -> b -> c -> d

        Charge - 7 | x
            Increases damage of lightning element and increases the speed of pins affected by lightning.

        Conduction - 8 | 7
            If a bubble which is affected by electricity comes into contact with an armorless bubble then it will cause a shockwave dealing AoE damage.
            Also, if you shoot an armorless bubble, get the AoE shockwave
            Each upgrade increases damage and AoE

        Overload - 9 | 9
            After successfully applying electricity onto a bubble, gain a buff affecting all future bullets for X seconds
                Increase speed
                Increase the life
                Small chance for AoE shockwave on every collision

            Each upgrade increases the strength of all buff bonuses and/or length of buff

            -S: what if this buff stacked? Each stack would increase the chance of the AoE shockwave
            -P: Yeah definitely should stack, it should also increase the speed and life or just speed to a certain point.


    Ice - each upgrade decreases bubble speed
        Initial ability: Slows bubble by percentage for limited time
        Strategy: Single target damage + AoE Slowing

        Black Ice - 7 | 7
            Increases the speed reduction for bubbles and length of freeze
            Final upgrade completely freezes bubbles

        // ** Propose to ditch for idea below
        Evasive Cold - 3 | 6
            Pushes bubbles back with each hit and causes small AoE damage.
            Each upgrade increases AoE and pushback

            -S: revision: 2 | x
                AoE only if you hit a bubble that is affected by ice
        // ****** ****

        Frostbite - 4 | 5
            Bubbles are permantly slower after being affected by Black Ice
            -P: This would kinda remove the length of freeze upgrade in Black Ice wouldn't it?
            -S: How so? It relies on Black Ice to be stronger, since the strength of Black ice directly impacts the strength of Frostbite
                also, added another constraint onto this ability below.

                - x% of black ice slowness subtracted from speed
                - after y seconds, the bubbles thaw and return to normal speed
                - x and y are upgraded

            #If a bubble who is frostbitten is again frozen and subsequently damaged,
            #emit a medium AoE blast of ice crystals

            -P: Somewhat similar to Brittle Bubbles but this doesn't seem to go well with the strategy defined for ice. AoE is just for the slowing of bubbles right?
            #Maybe have the AoE just freeze the bubbles, maybe some small damage? Upgrade would increase range

            -S: Yeah, I agree; what about the following to replace everything I put a "#" before
                - If a frostbitten bubble is frozen again, the bubble leaves an ice trail, inflicting frostbite onto any bubble that comes in contact with it
            -S: I'm not sure I'm liking this one anymore... It's just too similar to Black Ice. I think Black Ice should be renamed to Frostbite or Deep Freeze, though.

        Brittle Bubbles - 9 | 8
            Damaging an already frozen bubbles gives a large percentage increase to damage.
            Each upgrade increases damage

        Ice Bomb - 7 | 5 - prereq: Brittle Bubbles, Black Ice
            #If a bubble is frozen by last upgrade of Black Ice and killed by Brittle Bubbles, explode into a large amount of deadly ice shards dealing heavy damage
            #Each shard inflicts the bonuses of Brittle Bubbles, Black Ice, and Frostbite on the bubble it collides with
            #? Shards last until collided with (may be too OP)

            -P: What about some sort of percent chance on freeze or charge to activate an event. When activated the next bullet you shoot will be super ice or something and will destroy all bubbles in its path (even armored).
                It would only be one bullet and it would work well with the strategy of single targets.
            -S: Yeah, I like that; revision replacing the lines with hashtags below:

            Hold down the mouse button to charge your shot; power and chances increase with length held.
            Each ability listed below has an independent chance of happening, unless nested (so it will be a mix of below abilities on every shot)
                - Chance of emitting an ice cloud, inflicting Black Ice on all bubbles that come in contact
                    - Small chance of cloud covering Field
                - Chance of shooting a very powerful icicle that inflicts up to 300% damage
                    - Small chance of extra powerful icicle, inflicts up to 500% damage
                - Chance of gaining buff that increases damage by 25% for 25 seconds
                    - Small chance of buff increasing damage by 50% for 50 seconds

                - preferrably two more abilities - can't think of any

    ## 1 Secret Elements after you beat the game the first time
    // meh, needs improvement
    Death (secret) - each upgrade increases chance of insta-kill
        1 - 10% chance of insta-kill
        2 - 20% chance of insta-kill
        3 - 30% chance of insta-kill
        4 - 40% chance of insta-kill
        5 - 50% chance of insta-kill

* all perks are active all the time - passive skills
Perks - located where? Wizards tower

    0 | 2 - +30% chance to execute element abilities
        -S: Idk about this; should elements be applied on chance? You were saying the game feels broken when it's like this; it would feel like the cooldown effect I had implemented earlier.
        -P: There's a chance to apply the element to the bubble right? You were opting for the chance instead of the cooldown in order to fix the broke feeling. I still think it feels broken either with cooldown or chance but we need some kind of nerf. I don't like this perk much anymore.
        -S: Oh, no. I'm implementing a chance of spreading fire from bubble to bubble - that's the most overpowered thing. I think you should apply the element with every shot.
            If they are too strong, we can just make the elemental damage weaker. Or in the case of fire, reduce the duration or something.

    9 | 9 - Bullets bounce off bubbles with armor rather than getting destroyed.
                -P: I like this as a perk so that all bullets have a chance of doing this.
                -S: I noticed the Lightning ability charging is kind of based on this (not sure if intended - see my revision), but I do like this as a perk.


    9 | 9 - Multiplier will also affect bullet damage. (each multiplier will increase damage by 10%)
        -S: Upgradeable; each upgrade increases amount of damage. I say we start with 1 - 3%

// Blacksmith

Weapons
    Each weapon has 4 upgrades; each upgrade can be upgraded 10x
    Easier to obtain than elements

    We can turn these into a tree system by requiring prerequisite upgrades before being able to unlock other upgrades.
    This could help balance extra OP upgrades

    Pin Shooter - Technique shots
        1. Exploding Pins - 7 | 6
            Exploding pins for extra big damage
            50% damage increase
            each upgrade increases damage by 10%

        X    2. Pushback Pins - 0 | 0
                Pins incur a small push back on bubble
                each upgrade: 10% pushback distance

                -P: Not sure if this would work well with ice.
                -S: Nope; we'll need a new #2.

        2.

        X   3. Protected Pins - 0 | 0
                Pins take an extra hit to be destroyed (pins bounce off bubbles)
                each upgrade: +1 extra hit

                -S: Perk ability

        3.

        4. Particle Pins - 8 | 9
            On collision with a bubble, the pin will shatter into small pins, each damaging bubbles for 25% weapon damage.
            each upgrade: +5% damage


    Rifle - Single fast and strong shots
        1. Automatic fire - 9 | 8
            Can hold mouse down to fire (base-level)
            Shoot speed increases by 10% with every upgrade

        3. Armor piercing shots - 9 | 7
            Increases damage of bullet by 10% with each upgrade
            Final upgrade: additional 10% chance of removing armor

        4. Recoil - 9 | 8
            When a shot bounces of the edges it will increase the shots damage by 1%, can stack up to 100
                -P: This would be really good for rifles since they are fast they should be able to bounce more than other bullets.
                -S: I like it! Good idea. Should also have a visual indication of strength; maybe color?


    Shotgun - Spread shots
        1. More Pellets - 8 | 7
            Shoots +1 pellets with every upgrade

        2. Stronger Pellets - 6 | 5
            Each shotgun pellet increases damage by 3% with every upgrade


        4. Increase Range - 4 | 0
            Increases the distance between each pellet with each shot. 45 degrees by default, 80 degrees max. Shots should be be placed like so if you're pointing at a 90 degree angle:
                first - 90
                second - 90 - 45
                third - 90 + 45
                    Any additional pellets should be between first-second and first-third
            -P: This seems lame to me now. If you were to invest in this upgrade first it'd be really boring and almost useless. This is only good with more pellets, so maybe put this in 'More Pellets'.
            -S: Yeah, we could implicitly add this to 'More Pellets' or it could be unlocked after upgrading 'More Pellets'.

    ## 1 Additional Weapon after you beat the game

General Upgrades

    Bullet speed
    Bullet storage
    Bullet regen
    Town defense
    Auto shooter - shoots basic pins, located in bottom corners with 45 degree rotation
        First shooter - bottom left
        Second shooter - bottom right
        Fire rate
        Damage
        Life
